#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --strip-extras
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
cloudpickle==3.1.0
    # via hyperopt
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tqdm
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dropbox==12.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via tensorflow-intel
fonttools==4.54.1
    # via matplotlib
future==1.0.0
    # via hyperopt
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
grpcio==1.67.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
h5py==3.12.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow-intel
hid==1.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
hyperopt==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imbalanced-learn==0.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imblearn
imblearn==0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
keras==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow-intel
markdown==3.7
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.4.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow-intel
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
networkx==3.4.2
    # via hyperopt
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   hyperopt
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   keras
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   pyqtgraph
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   simdkalman
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tsmoothie
    #   xgboost
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
optree==0.13.0
    # via keras
packaging>=24.2
    # via
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
pillow==11.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
ply==3.11
    # via stone
progressbar33==2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
protobuf==5.28.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
py4j==0.10.9.7
    # via hyperopt
pycryptodomex==3.21.0
    # via pyzipper
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.0
    # via matplotlib
pyqt5==5.15.11
    # via -r requirements.in
pyqt5-qt5==5.15.2
    # via pyqt5
pyqt5-sip==12.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyqt5
pyqtgraph==0.13.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pyserial==3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyzipper==0.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dropbox
    #   tensorflow-intel
rich==13.9.4
    # via keras
scikit-learn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imbalanced-learn
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hyperopt
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tsmoothie
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
simdkalman==1.0.4
    # via tsmoothie
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   dropbox
    #   google-pasta
    #   hyperopt
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   stone
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
stone==3.3.1
    # via dropbox
tensorboard==2.18.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-intel==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tqdm==4.67.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hyperopt
tsmoothie==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   optree
    #   tensorflow-intel
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
werkzeug==3.1.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.44.0
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
xgboost==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
